Updated README.md and main.py to use "AV" (#53)
digidotcom/xbee-micropython: samples/adc_polling/README.md

1. Plug the XBee3 radio module into the XBee adapter and connect it to your
   computer's USB port.

> 2. Configure AV (Analog Voltage Reference) parameter: For the XBee Cellular 
>    Modem the ADC analog reference is 2.5 V and the pin input range is 0 - 2.5 V. 
>    The ADC reference voltage and input range for XBee 3 Zigbee, DigiMesh 
>    and 802.15.4 are based onthe AV.
>    value which can be 0 = 1.25 V, 1 = 2.5 V or 2 = VDD.
> 3. Connect a voltage variable source to the pin configured as ADC (light

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If using XBee 3 Zigbee, DigiMesh, or 802.15.4, ensure that the **AV** command
   (Analog Voltage Reference) is configured to an input range which matches your
   voltage source:

     * 0 = 1.25 V
     * 1 = 2.5 V
     * 2 = VDD

   If using XBee Cellular or XBee 3 Cellular, the analog reference voltage is 2.5V.
3. Connect a voltage variable source to the pin configured as ADC (light
```
